quick-start: update installation verification to output more info (#389)
holochain/docs-pages: src/pages/quick-start/index.md

### Verify installation

In a new shell session type:

```bash
nix run --refresh -j0 -v github:holochain/holochain#hc-scaffold -- --version
```

Look out for binaries being copied from `holochain-ci.cachix`. It proves that the Cachix bindary

> cache is configured correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cache is configured correctly. If it works, there will be lines that look something like this:

```text
downloading 'https://holochain-ci.cachix.org/nar/<some-hash>.nar.zst'...
```

If you see a scaffolding version like

```text
holochain_scaffolding_cli x.y.z
```

> at the end of the output, the Holochain Dev Environment is set up successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all of the above signals are positive, your system has been successfully prepared for the Holochain Dev Environment.
```
